---
title: Industrial lubricants
---
{{< brick_title >}}

# Industrial Lubricants

{{< breadcrumbs >}}

{{< /brick_title >}}

{{< brick_image >}}

![](/barrels.jpg)

Are you looking for reliable industrial oils that combine high performance with
cost optimisation? Our offer is tailored to address these needs. We specialise
in the distribution of oils imported directly from dynamic global companies.
Thanks to the careful selection of suppliers and elimination of intermediaries,
we provide products with an excellent price-to-quality ratio that will meet
needs in modern industry and transport. Choose an intelligent solution that
will provide your machines with the protection they deserve, without straining
the budget.

{{< button "Download Catalogue [PDF]" "/files/hamot_katalog_oleje.pdf" >}}

{{< /brick_image >}}

{{< brick_image2 >}}

![](/lubricants/beczka_red.jpg)
## Synthetic Diesel Engine Oil

Our synthetic diesel engine oils are engineered for modern, heavy-duty power
units operating under the most demanding conditions -- from long-haul transport
to heavy construction equipment. They provide exceptional wear protection,
superior soot control, and full compatibility with modern emission systems
(DPF, SCR). This translates to extended drain intervals, lower fuel
consumption, and maximum fleet reliability.

{{< /brick_image2 >}}

{{< brick_image >}}

![](/lubricants/beczka_blue.jpg)
## Synthetic Petrol Engine Oil

Our synthetic petrol engine oils are the answer to the needs of modern
passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, including those equipped with
turbocharging and direct fuel injection (GDI). Our advanced formulations
guarantee maximum engine cleanliness, optimise fuel consumption, and provide
robust protection against low-speed pre-ignition (LSPI), ensuring peak engine
performance and longevity.

{{< /brick_image >}}

{{< brick_image2 >}}

![](/lubricants/beczka_plain_canisters.jpg)
## Hydraulic Oil

Hydraulic oils are the lifeblood of any power transmission system. Our
portfolio covers a wide range of products, from standard anti-wear (AW) oils to
specialized high viscosity index (HV) and fire-resistant fluids. They ensure
the reliable operation of industrial and mobile machinery by protecting pumps,
valves, and other precision components, which minimizes downtime and
maintenance costs.

{{< /brick_image2 >}}

{{< brick_wide >}}

## Differential Gear Oils

Differential gear oils are formulated to withstand the extreme pressures and
shock loads found in hypoid gears. Thanks to advanced Extreme Pressure (EP)
additive packages compliant with the **API GL-5** standard, our oils guarantee
maximum protection for gear teeth against scuffing and wear, ensuring long and
trouble-free power drive performance in passenger cars, trucks, and off-highway
machinery.

## Automatic Transmission Fluids

Automatic transmission fluids are complex, multifunctional fluids responsible
for everything from lubrication and cooling to power transmission. Our range
includes products for conventional automatic (Dexron, Mercon), dual-clutch
(DCT), and continuously variable (CVT) transmissions. Each fluid is designed to
deliver smooth shifting, excellent frictional stability, and outstanding wear
protection, meeting the strict requirements of vehicle manufacturers.

## Found What You Were Looking For?

{{< button "Download Catalogue [PDF]" "/files/hamot_katalog_oleje.pdf" >}}

{{< /brick_wide >}}
